Artis-Mickens, Krishna D. K. 
Professor J. Reid
CS 151 – Introduction to Computing (Section 001)
Medgar Evers College
Brooklyn, New York 11225, United States
February 02, 2020
Title: Final Project Declaration
Out of the choices given (Connect 4, Shogi, Yahtzee, Sudoku, Go Fish, Go, 
Checkers, Minesweeper, Wheel of Fortune, Chess, Battleship and Sorry), I will 
choose to create a GO terminal game.  As per the instructions given on the directions, 
this is the be a player versus player game.  It will define at least six (6) functions 
which excludes the main function.  The main function body will consist of 
declarations/initializations and function calls. It will not directly perform 
any calculation, displays or iterations. My game program will use at least one 
iteration and at one array. The source code (.cpp file) will compile.

DESCRIPTION
Go is an ancient Oriental strategy game that has been play for more than 2,300 years.
  There are many different sources on the origin of the game.  Most people tend to 
  believe that the game was invented in China by an emperor as a teaching tool 
  for his son to learn about the complexities and wisdom of living life as a member
   of the ruling class.  Some people say that the Emperor’s name is Yao, others say 
   that the Emperor’s name is Shun.
The game is played on a wooden block called a goban.  This goban is made to conform
 to a grid of 361 points (19x19).  This game was considered one of the original 
 liberal arts and sciences.  Back then these were called the four essential arts of 
 antiquity (Music, Go, Calligraphy, and Painting).  

PLAYERS
Usually 2 (in recent years, players can play against computers).

HOW IS IT PLAYED
The playing pieces are called stones.  These stones are black or white.  They are to be 
played on the intersections.  This is different than other games because most games 
play inside of squares.  Theses intersections are then either called points 
or liberties.  Once a player decides on which army to command (white or black), 
they place one stone on a point and leave it there.  This of course, starts with an 
empty board.  Black usually plays first.  It is not to be moved until it is captured.  
It is captured when all of the points (or liberties) around it are played by an opponent.  
Players are also allowed to give up a turn.  One at a time, of course, during alternating turns.  
The game proceeds until neither player wishes to make another move.  When a game concludes, 
the winner is determined by counting each player’s surrounded territory along with 
captured stones and empty points (or liberties).  Games may also on due to resignation 
or when both players pass.  The winner is declared by who influences more empty points of play.

Works Cited
“Four Arts.” Wikipedia, Wikimedia Foundation, 16 Oct. 2019, en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_arts.
“Go (Game).” Wikipedia, Wikimedia Foundation, 13 Feb. 2020, 
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game)#Basic_rules.
“Go History.” [Welcome to Sensei's Library!], senseis.xmp.net/?HistoryOfGo.
